Exploit module for CVE-2024-3400 - Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS (#19101)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/linux/http/panos_telemetry_cmd_exec.md

include < 11.1.0-h3, < 11.1.1-h1, < 11.1.2-h3, < 11.0.2-h4, < 11.0.3-h10, < 11.0.4-h1,
< 10.2.5-h6, < 10.2.6-h3, < 10.2.8-h3, and < 10.2.9-h1. Payloads may take up to
one hour to execute, depending on how often the telemetry service is set to run.

For a technical analysis of the vulnerability, read our [Rapid7 Analysis](https://attackerkb.com/topics/SSTk336Tmf/cve-2024-3400/rapid7-analysis).

## Testing
Boot a vulnerable PAN-OS VM or device, then authenticate to the management web service with default credentials. From the
web dashboard, configure a GlobalProtect [Portal](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/globalprotect/10-1/globalprotect-admin/globalprotect-portals/set-up-access-to-the-globalprotect-portal)
and/or [Gateway](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/globalprotect/10-1/globalprotect-admin/globalprotect-gateways/configure-a-globalprotect-gateway).
With either or both started, the `gpsvc` service will begin serving an HTTPS service on port 443 for the second
network interface. Confirm that the web service presents a Palo Alto Networks login page when viewed. This web application
is the target of the exploit, and the '/global-protect/login.esp' page should be accessible.

> The exploit has been tested against PAN-OS 10.2.9, and it should also be effective against other vulnerable 10.2, 11.0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exploit has been tested against PAN-OS 10.2.9, and it should also be effective against other similarly-configured 10.2, 11.0,
```
